#summary Post Mortem report for Release 2

= Introduction =

Final post mortem report submitted 16/04/12


= Details =

Accomplishments
  Completed tasks for feature: #5 "improved" rule specification
   1. Redesigned the UI to allow maintainers to specify rule expressions easily - Cyril
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #5 "improved" rule specification
 
 Completed tasks for feature: #9 Allow user to revise answers 
  1. Modified the application to display previously answered questions, and allow a user to change those question's answers - Don
  2. Improved the progress saving feature to automatically save progress as the user answers questions, and automatically resume from where they left off - Don
 Acceptance test(s) passed: #9 Allow user to revise answers

 Completed tasks for feature: #Documentation
  1. Increased the level of documentation to over 4000 words, primarily in order to communicate how to operate and view the specific features to users of the system - Seán
 Acceptance test(s) passed: #Documentation

 Completed tasks for feature: #Unit tests
  1. Extensive work on ensuring unit test coverage for applicable functions - Don & Cyril  
 Acceptance test(s) passed: #Unit tests
 
 Completed tasks for feature: #Various additional improvements
  1. Question prompt text box size increased to allow for elaborate questions - Cyril
  2. Links between the main site, and admin view. - Don
  3. Implemented improvements to installer process recommended in Feedback - Don.
 Acceptance test(s) passed: #Various additional improvements
 
 
Obstacles
1. Feedback from Release 1 received a couple of days before Release 2 due to go gold.  Mitigation: Best efforts were made to incorporate these ideas into Release 2 before deadline.
2. Getting unit test coverage for the applicable functions was not really fully understood as a high priority until feedback received.  Mitigation: Lots of extra effort above and beyond the amount of time this module should have gotten was put into getting
3. This effort at unit test coverage was possibly at the expense of some user interface changes we would have liked to have implemented in the final product. Mitigation: There was no mitigation for not having time at the end to do some general UI usability improvements. We simply did not have the resources available to throw at the problem.