#summary Post Mortem report for Release 2 Iteration 3

= Introduction =

Submitted 12/04/2012 01:54:00


= Details =

Accomplishments
  Completed tasks for feature: #1 'Clickable' PML graphs
   1. Additional functionality is now implemented in PML images.  Nodes can be clicked to get additional textual information supplementing the information in the graph - Don.
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #1 'Clickable' PML graphs

  Completed tasks for feature: #6 Rules assert facts as well as rec.
   1. Implemented and tested assertion of facts based on rules as specified by maintainer - Cyril
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #6 Rules assert facts as well as rec.
  
  Completed tasks for feature: #7 Facts determine whether questions are asked
   1. Application dynamically asks the user questions based on the currently stored/inferred set of facts for a line of questioning - Cyril
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #7 Facts determine whether questions are asked
  
  Completed tasks for feature: #8 Feedback to user progress & reasoning behind recs.
    1. Implemented user viewing the source of the reasoning behind the recommendations that they have been given - Cyril
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #8 Feedback to user progress & reasoning behind recs.

  Completed tasks for feature: #10 a) Show implicitly answered Qs b) & change answers
   1. We have part a) implemented.  We will get part b) upon completion of feature #9 Allow user to revise answers - Cyril
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #10 a) Show implicitly answered Qs b) & change answers
  
  Completed tasks for feature: #General Enhancements
   1. Incorporation of the Magpie logo, designed by Dorota Stefanska, specially commissioned for the use on this application - Don
   2. Addition of a favicon with a Magpie for the user interface - Don
   3. Moving graph and roadmap onto their own webpage to improve the general layout - Don
   4. Improvement of layout for videos and images - Don
   5. Buttons added to allow the user to hide or expand recommendations thereby improving layout and usability - Don
   6. User progress is now saved as they answer questions - this is part of feature #9 and a work in progress - Don  
  Acceptance test(s) passed: #General Enhancements

Obstacles
1. Main obstacle has been the current focus of team members on final year projects.  Mitigation: Both Don and Cryil managed to get in some good effort despite the pressure.

Objectives
 Feature: #5 "improved" rule specification
 Redesign the UI to allow maintainers to specify rule expressions easily - Cyril
 
 Feature: #9 Allow user to revise answers
 Modify the current implementation in rder to allow a user to revisit the set of questions they had previously been served with in order to modify their responses and thus get a revised set of recommendations.  Generally improve the saving of state for users building on the current basic implementation of functionality - Don
  
 Feature: #Documentation
 Improve the feature documentation quality in order to communicate how to operate and view the specific features to users of the system - Seán
 
 Feature: #Unit tests
 We need to ensure that the unit tests are comprehensive and correct - All

 Feature: #Process fragments
 Investigate the feasibility of this idea given the time left in the project - Don